My name is sword, and i’m building a new internet. One that is built on the premise of equality, profit sharing, and good will. 

My theory is based upon the idea that the original infrastructure of the internet was based on the greed of its original creators. This logical end is tyranny, not freedom. We can already see the policing and tyranny that occurs as a result of the current infrastructure. The current system is being used as a weapon against the masses, not as a tool to benefit the masses, like it should be. Can you think back to a time when the internet was a safe place to create? A safe place to explore? I can. I remember creating my first fansite when I was 12 years old. It was my own personal haven, a world protected from sinister bad actors. I bought the domain for free and built everything myself. It was my own little world, that I could invite others into. I believe that as children we already innately understand this technology. How else would it make sense that the younger generations can pick up a piece of tech and understand it? We must make the internet a safer, more habitable place for children to grow up in. Otherwise, we could unknowingly destroy their spirits and consequently destroy our future. 

My concept is to create a new coding language that is built upon ancient technology. The outcome of this code will be to erect super secure experiences, personalized to the individual. This makes the idea of hacking obsolete. If a security system can only be entered by ONE, hacking and cybersecurity will become irrelevant. Once this is a thing of the past, the internet will be a place where safety and security are cornerstones of the experience. Imagine all of the progress in culture and innovation once security is no longer an issue! I predict the most precious innovations will come as a result. I predict that with this new code, the purity of our children will be protected as well as the clarity of our minds. The current system was built upon code fueled by addiction and neurosis. Show me proof, you ask? Look at the logical end of this code. The average mobile phone user is consumed by their phones, unable to create their own thoughts, unable to put the phone down. Is it really their faults? My premise is that if we create a code that is so pure, so close to reality, we will create a series of new tech that will foster harmony, health, and progress. Think of all the amazing cures to disease and solutions to the problems we face that will arise from a code that allows for that. 

I’m posting this manifesto, this call to action, to open source platforms in order to gather interest from programmers who understand what I am speaking to, and can help me build a new internet. Trust me, I will need all the help I can get. 

My name is sword. 



